Made Python 3.12 support rst note more verbose (#9351)
numba/numba: docs/upcoming_changes/9246.highlight.rst

Python 3.12 Support
"""""""""""""""""""

The standout feature of this release is the official support for Python 3.12 
in Numba.

Please note that profiling support is temporarily disabled in 

> this release and several known issues have been identified 

Author: ```suggestion
this release (for Python 3.12) and several known issues have been identified 
```

Python 3.12 Support
"""""""""""""""""""

The standout feature of this release is the official support for Python 3.12 

> in Numba, along with various performance enhancements and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Numba.
```
suggest removing this as it will appear under the `Python 3.12` header?

> Please note that profiling support is temporarily disabled in 
> this release along with several known issues that have been identified 
> during development. Numba team is actively working on resolving them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that profiling support is temporarily disabled in 
this release and several known issues have been identified 
during development. The Numba team is actively working on resolving them. 
```

> Do refer to the respective issue pages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the respective issue pages 
```

(`Numba #9289 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9289>`_ and 
`Numba #9291 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9291>`_) 

> for a list of ongoing issues and 
> updates on our progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a list of ongoing issues and updates on progress.
```
